This project will use mathematical modelling to predict the fitness consequences of males providing nuptial gifts to females. In many biological systems, males provide gifts prior to mating. We will investigate the fitness consequences of a male that provides (1) no gift, (2) a true nuptial gift, and (3) a fake nuptial gift using a time-in and time-out mathematical modelling approach, and potentially including some individual-based modelling (computer simulations). We will assume some cost associated with time spent searching for a nuptial gift in males, and that females can either mate with males that do not provide a gift or instead wait until they encounter a male that does provide a nuptial gift. The fitness consequences of waiting for a male with a nuptial gift are expected to feed back into the fitness cost/benefit associated with male search time. The model might be parameterised with life-history information collected from published literature -- specifically the *Pisaura mirabilis* spider system, as it is a relevant example in which males produce nuptial gifts. But no new or unpublished data will be collected or used during the course of the project. Our objective is entirely theoretical, and focused on understanding the inclusive fitness consequences of male's decisions to provide a nuptial gift and female's decisions to accept or reject males that do not provide such gifts.

The central objective is to develop theory that explains and predicts the fitness decisions of females and males in mating system in which nuptial gifts are sometimes provided by males. We will likely also investigate the predicted fitness consequences for sexual conflict and under conditions of inbreeding (i.e., females and males are related).

The methodology will be an inclusive fitness approach to mathematical modelling. The entire project will use a series of equations to develop theory. If necessary, individual-based modelling (computer simulations) might also be used to investigate how our predictions are affected by stochasticity and individual variation.
